Prepare for v5.0.5 quick follow-up release (#12700)
open-mpi/ompi: docs/release-notes/changelog/v5.0.x.rst

This file contains all the NEWS updates for the Open MPI v5.0.x
series, in reverse chronological order.

Open MPI version v5.0.5
--------------------------
:Date: 23 July 2024

  .. note:: This is a quick follow-up release that fixes v5.0.4 which does
            not compile on macOS(arm64) with out-of-box Apple clang compiler;
            v5.0.4 and v5.0.5 do NOT have functional differences otherwise.

- Internal PMIx and PRRTe versions:

  - PMIx (v5.0.3). Commit hash: ``8ab6d680b90afd6e61766220a8724065a1b554a7``.
  - PRRTE (v3.0.6). Commit hash: ``b68a0acb32cfc0d3c19249e5514820555bcf438b``.

- Bugfixes and changes

>   - Fix a macro typo that breaks macOS build with Apple clang on arm64 platforms
> 
> - Many thanks to Lisandro Dalcin for reporting the bug

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fix a typo that breaks the build on macOS with the Apple clang compiler on arm64 platforms.
    Many thanks to Lisandro Dalcin for reporting the issue.
```
